Some people are so loud
Dare to bid like this at auction
Aren't you afraid of being beaten out?
He can't take it out
I request capital verification
What qualifications do you have?
The qualifications of Mr. Dare to test
How much? I've been here.
Can you continue bidding? Continue bidding
I'd like to take a look
How many rich women do you put on this waste?
We can take out 2 billion
2 billion anything higher than this?
2 billion time
2 billion twice
2 billion three deals
Congratulations to this gentleman
This is the Sword Qi Great Wall Golden Dragon Card
I see why this woman feels so familiar
Don't talk nonsense
This is General Feng Lin
Impossible Feng Lin family
How could he possibly pay that trash Shen Long?
Who are you?
Mr. Shen
Do you want to tell them your special status?
Since the ascent is in season, they want to know
Then tell them who I am